# Team Name: Team 14 (Heart Bakers)
## Meeting Type: Stand Up
## Meeting Subject: Progress check in and planning
## Location: Zoom
## Starting Time: 4:00pm
## Attendance List
### Members Present
            1. Kyle
            2. Maddie
            3. Ashritha
            4. Shawn
            5. Milan
            6. Harsheta
            7. Makayla
            8. Harini
            9. TJ
            10. Sam
            11. Robin
### Members Absent
            1. Laurence
## Agenda
### Unfinished Business
        - finish demo since we got cut off last time
        - frontend 
            - stuff isn't connected but showed our code
            - pop up functionality is working
            - scrolling options can be explored
        - backend
            - exploring local storage
            - everything saved in array in local storage
            - can access reccommended recipes with spoonacular search
                - more info per recipe will require search by ID
        - functionality needs to be discussed btwn front and back ends
        - CI/CD pipeline
            - 3 workflows (linting, codacy, jsdoc)
            - JSDoc isn't working on GitHub Actions (but works locally)
            - can ask Ashritha for help if get too stuck
### Business for Today
        - Ashritha says we are on track!
        - advice for integration
            - backend can discuss any functions they make with frontend
            - might be helpful to implement same functionality with different arguments
            - test whenever writing a function
        - can reuse code from previous labs but must be cited in comments
            - say which lab it was from and what its functionality is
            - cite any code used from tutorials or docs
            - TAs will go through our code line by line
            - make sure you understand what you are copying
            - don't have to cite if building on top of
        - finished sprint review, retrospective, ci/cd pipeline
            - used Miro for retrospective
        - Sprint 2 has started (today is day 3)
            - would be good idea to plan sprint
            - will have another sprint review and retrospective at the end
        - on Friday frontend gives backend a list of functions we need
            - we have a list, want it more specific
            - location of files, what is calling, what should be returned
            - Kyle will send a list of specifics they need
        - CI/CD pipeline
            - only javascript on frontend is pop up functionality
            - Harini and Maddie work (possibly with Ashritha) to fix JSdocs and finish pipeline
            - current pipeline should be finished by Thursday for use
        - integration representatives
            - TJ and Mikayla on frontend
            - Kyle, Laurence, Robin on backend
            - Friday afternoon 12:30p-2p on zoom
### For Next Time
        - integrate front and back end
        - have CRUD features working by Monday
        - status video due by Monday (Nov 22 - hard deadline!!)
        - CI/CD phase 2 due Nov 30 (will need tests, complete pipeline done)
## Decisions Made
    - We made the decision to have representatives from each team meet on Friday because that will be most efficient.
## Ending Time: 4:40pm
